README.md, before:

# Reason-Cafe

Cafe is a browser-based POS system for small counter-service restaurants. It is under construction, so use at your own risk.

## User Features (future):
- Take multiple open food orders
- Access open orders them to add to, remove from, or pay the order.
- Search closed orders.
- Webhooks for...
  - Printing receipts.
  - Kitchen order printing.
  - Integration with other systems.

## Technical Features (future):
- PouchDb for offline sync - Uses local database that syncs with remote database(s).
- Written in ReasonML, so the code is (will be) super solid and performant!
- Using Facebook's React framework.

## Warning:
I am learning ReasonML and React at the same time. At some point, I expect this code will be a great example of how ReasonML and React can work together in harmony. But until that day, I this code will be full of horrible structure and smells. If you are a newb like me, and you're looking for some example code, "This is not the repository you're looking for. Move along."

Commit message:

Finally getting it! The db wrapper is coming along.

README.md, after:

# Reason-Cafe

Cafe is a browser-based POS system for small counter-service restaurants. It is under construction, so use at your own risk.

## User Features (future):
- Take multiple open food orders
- Access open orders them to add to, remove from, or pay the order.
- Search closed orders.
- Webhooks for...
  - Printing receipts.
  - Kitchen order printing.
  - Integration with other systems.

## Technical Features (future):
- PouchDb for offline sync - Uses local database that syncs with remote database(s).
- Written in ReasonML, so the code is (will be) super solid and performant!
- Using Facebook's React framework.
- Built with tests first (TDD) using Jest.

## Here Be Dragons:
I am learning ReasonML and React at the same time. At some point, I expect this code will be a great example of how ReasonML and React can work together in harmony. But until that day, I this code will be full of horrible structure and smells. If you are a newb like me, and you're looking for some example code, copy/paste with caution. - Byron
